README.md, before:

# LeetCode

## Algorithms

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P1-Two_Sum
- P9-Palindrome_Number
- P13-Roman_to_Integer
- P14-Longest_Common_Prefix
- P20-Valid_Parentheses
- P21-Merge_Two_Sorted_List
- P26-Remove_Duplicates_from_Sorted_Array
- P27-Remove_Element
- P66-Plus_One
- P70-Climbing_Stairs
- P88-Merge_Sorted_Array
- P94-Binary_Tree_Inorder_Traversal
- P100-Same_Tree
- P110-Balanced_Binary_Tree
- P111-Minimum_Depth_of_Binary_Tree
- P118-Pascal's_Triangle
- P119-Pascal's_Triangle_II
- P121-Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock
- P141-Linked_List_Cycle
- P160-Intersection_of_Two_Linked_Lists
- P169-Majority_Element
- P203-Remove_Linked_List_Elements
- P217-Contains_Duplicate
- P226-Invert_Binary_Tree
- P242-Valid_Anagram
- P326-Power_of_Three
- P344-Reverse_String
- P374-Guess_Number_Higher_or_Lower
- P383-Ransom_Note

</details>
<details>
<summary> 501 - 1000 </summary>

- P680-Valid_Palindrome_II
- P682-Baseball_Game
- P700-Search_in_a_Binary_Search_Tree
- P724-Find_Pivot_Index
- P733-Flood_Fill
- P747-Largest_Number_At_Least_Twice_of_Others

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1001 - 1500 </summary>

- P1221-Split_a_String_in_Balanced_Strings

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1501 - 2000 </summary>

- P1614-Maximum_Nesting_Depth_of_the_Parentheses

</details>
<details>
<summary> 2001 - 2500 </summary>

- P2243-Calculate_Digit_Sum_of_a_String

</details>

### Medium

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P2-Add_Two_Numbers
- P3-Longest_Substring_Without_Repeating_Characters
- P5-Longest_Palindromic_Substring
- P7-Reverse_Integer
- P8-String_to_Integer(atoi)
- P11-Container_With_Most_Water
- P15-3Sum
- P19-Remove_Nth_Node_From_End_of_List
- P24-Swap_Nodes_in_Pairs
- P33-Search_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array
- P34-Find_First_and_Last_Position_of_Element_in_Sorted_Array
- P49-Group_Anagrams
- P50-Pow(x,n)
- P53-Maximum_Subarray
- P59-Spiral_Matrix_II
- P62-Unique_Paths
- P64-Minimum_Path_Sum
- P74-Search_a_2D_Matrix
- P79-Word_Search
- P95-Unique_Binary_Search_Trees_II
- P96_Unique_Binary_Search_Trees
- P98-Validate_Binary_Search_Tree
- P102-Binary_Tree_Level_Order_Traversal
- P105-Construct_Binary_Tree_from_Preorder_and_Inorder_Traversal
- P120-Triangle
- P122-Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock_II
- P128-Longest_Consecutive_Sequence
- P139-Word_Break
- P142-Linked_List_Cycle_II
- P151-Reverse_Words_in_a_String
- P152-Maximum_Product_Subarray
- P153-Find_Minimum_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array
- P198-House_Robber
- P200-Number_of_Islands
- P209-Minimum_Size_Subarray_Sum
- P213-House_Robber_II
- P229-Majority_Element_II
- P236-Lowest_Common_Ancestor_of_a_Binary_Tree
- P238-Product_of_Array_Except_Self
- P274-H_index
- P279-Perfect_Squares
- P287-Find_the_Duplicate_Number
- P300-Longest_Increasing_Subsequence
- P322-Coin_Change
- P328-Odd_Even_Linked_List
- P377-Combination_Sum_IV
- P393-UTF-8_Validation
- P443-String_Compression

</details>
<details>
<summary> 501 - 1000 </summary>

- P684-Redundant_Connection
- P695-Max_Area_of_Island
- P707-Design_Linked_List
- P718-Maximum_Length_of_Repeated_Subarray
- P739-Daily_Temperatures
- P743-Network_Delay_Time
- P790-Domino_and_Tromino_Tiling
- P787-Cheapest_Flights_Within_K_Stops
- P814-Binary_Tree_Pruning

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1001 - 1500 </summary>

- P1143-Longest_Common_Subsequence
- P1262-Greatest_Sum_Divisible_by_Three
- P1382-Balance_a_Binary_Search_Tree
- P1457-Pseudo-Palindromic_Paths_in_a_Binary_Tree

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1501 - 2000 </summary>

- P1584-Min_Cost_to_Connect_All_Points
- P1657-Determine_if_Two_Strings_Are_Close
- P1679-Max_Number_of_K-Sum_Pairs

</details>
<details>
<summary> 2001 - 2500 </summary>

- P2007-Find_Original_Array_From_Doubled_Array
- P2104-Sum_of_Subarray_Ranges
- P2244-Minimum_Rounds_to_Complete_All_Tasks
- P2414-Length_of_the_Longest_Alphabetical_Continuous_Substring

</details>

### Hard

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P23-Merge_k_Sorted_Lists
- P123-Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock_III
- P124-Binary_Tree_Maximum_Path_Sum
- P218-The_Skyline_Problem
- P239-Sliding_Window_Maximum

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1001 - 1500 </summary>

- P1278-Palindrome_Partitioning_III
- P1489-Find_Critical_and_Pseudo-Critical_Edges_in_Minimum_Spanning_Tree

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1500 - 2000 </summary>

- P1671-Minimum_Number_of_Removals_to_Make_Mountain_Array

</details>

## Shell

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P193-Valid_Phone_Numbers

</details>

## JavaScript

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 2501 - 3000 </summary>

- P2626-Array_Reduce_Transformation

</details>

## Database

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 1 - 500 </summary>

- P175-Combine_Two_Tables

</details>

### Medium

<details>
<summary> 1 - 500 </summary>

- P176-Second_Highest_Salary

</details>

Commit message:

Medium(p1456): Maximum Number of Vowels in a Substring of Given Length (c++, go)

README.md, after:

# LeetCode

## Algorithms

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P1-Two_Sum
- P9-Palindrome_Number
- P13-Roman_to_Integer
- P14-Longest_Common_Prefix
- P20-Valid_Parentheses
- P21-Merge_Two_Sorted_List
- P26-Remove_Duplicates_from_Sorted_Array
- P27-Remove_Element
- P66-Plus_One
- P70-Climbing_Stairs
- P88-Merge_Sorted_Array
- P94-Binary_Tree_Inorder_Traversal
- P100-Same_Tree
- P110-Balanced_Binary_Tree
- P111-Minimum_Depth_of_Binary_Tree
- P118-Pascal's_Triangle
- P119-Pascal's_Triangle_II
- P121-Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock
- P141-Linked_List_Cycle
- P160-Intersection_of_Two_Linked_Lists
- P169-Majority_Element
- P203-Remove_Linked_List_Elements
- P217-Contains_Duplicate
- P226-Invert_Binary_Tree
- P242-Valid_Anagram
- P326-Power_of_Three
- P344-Reverse_String
- P374-Guess_Number_Higher_or_Lower
- P383-Ransom_Note

</details>
<details>
<summary> 501 - 1000 </summary>

- P680-Valid_Palindrome_II
- P682-Baseball_Game
- P700-Search_in_a_Binary_Search_Tree
- P724-Find_Pivot_Index
- P733-Flood_Fill
- P747-Largest_Number_At_Least_Twice_of_Others

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1001 - 1500 </summary>

- P1221-Split_a_String_in_Balanced_Strings

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1501 - 2000 </summary>

- P1614-Maximum_Nesting_Depth_of_the_Parentheses

</details>
<details>
<summary> 2001 - 2500 </summary>

- P2243-Calculate_Digit_Sum_of_a_String

</details>

### Medium

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P2-Add_Two_Numbers
- P3-Longest_Substring_Without_Repeating_Characters
- P5-Longest_Palindromic_Substring
- P7-Reverse_Integer
- P8-String_to_Integer(atoi)
- P11-Container_With_Most_Water
- P15-3Sum
- P19-Remove_Nth_Node_From_End_of_List
- P24-Swap_Nodes_in_Pairs
- P33-Search_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array
- P34-Find_First_and_Last_Position_of_Element_in_Sorted_Array
- P49-Group_Anagrams
- P50-Pow(x,n)
- P53-Maximum_Subarray
- P59-Spiral_Matrix_II
- P62-Unique_Paths
- P64-Minimum_Path_Sum
- P74-Search_a_2D_Matrix
- P79-Word_Search
- P95-Unique_Binary_Search_Trees_II
- P96_Unique_Binary_Search_Trees
- P98-Validate_Binary_Search_Tree
- P102-Binary_Tree_Level_Order_Traversal
- P105-Construct_Binary_Tree_from_Preorder_and_Inorder_Traversal
- P120-Triangle
- P122-Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock_II
- P128-Longest_Consecutive_Sequence
- P139-Word_Break
- P142-Linked_List_Cycle_II
- P151-Reverse_Words_in_a_String
- P152-Maximum_Product_Subarray
- P153-Find_Minimum_in_Rotated_Sorted_Array
- P198-House_Robber
- P200-Number_of_Islands
- P209-Minimum_Size_Subarray_Sum
- P213-House_Robber_II
- P229-Majority_Element_II
- P236-Lowest_Common_Ancestor_of_a_Binary_Tree
- P238-Product_of_Array_Except_Self
- P274-H_index
- P279-Perfect_Squares
- P287-Find_the_Duplicate_Number
- P300-Longest_Increasing_Subsequence
- P322-Coin_Change
- P328-Odd_Even_Linked_List
- P377-Combination_Sum_IV
- P393-UTF-8_Validation
- P443-String_Compression

</details>
<details>
<summary> 501 - 1000 </summary>

- P684-Redundant_Connection
- P695-Max_Area_of_Island
- P707-Design_Linked_List
- P718-Maximum_Length_of_Repeated_Subarray
- P739-Daily_Temperatures
- P743-Network_Delay_Time
- P790-Domino_and_Tromino_Tiling
- P787-Cheapest_Flights_Within_K_Stops
- P814-Binary_Tree_Pruning

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1001 - 1500 </summary>

- P1143-Longest_Common_Subsequence
- P1262-Greatest_Sum_Divisible_by_Three
- P1382-Balance_a_Binary_Search_Tree
- P1456-Maximum_Number_of_Vowels_in_a_Substring_of_Given_Length
- P1457-Pseudo-Palindromic_Paths_in_a_Binary_Tree

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1501 - 2000 </summary>

- P1584-Min_Cost_to_Connect_All_Points
- P1657-Determine_if_Two_Strings_Are_Close
- P1679-Max_Number_of_K-Sum_Pairs

</details>
<details>
<summary> 2001 - 2500 </summary>

- P2007-Find_Original_Array_From_Doubled_Array
- P2104-Sum_of_Subarray_Ranges
- P2244-Minimum_Rounds_to_Complete_All_Tasks
- P2414-Length_of_the_Longest_Alphabetical_Continuous_Substring

</details>

### Hard

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P23-Merge_k_Sorted_Lists
- P123-Best_Time_to_Buy_and_Sell_Stock_III
- P124-Binary_Tree_Maximum_Path_Sum
- P218-The_Skyline_Problem
- P239-Sliding_Window_Maximum

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1001 - 1500 </summary>

- P1278-Palindrome_Partitioning_III
- P1489-Find_Critical_and_Pseudo-Critical_Edges_in_Minimum_Spanning_Tree

</details>
<details>
<summary> 1500 - 2000 </summary>

- P1671-Minimum_Number_of_Removals_to_Make_Mountain_Array

</details>

## Shell

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 0 - 500 </summary>

- P193-Valid_Phone_Numbers

</details>

## JavaScript

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 2501 - 3000 </summary>

- P2626-Array_Reduce_Transformation

</details>

## Database

### Easy

<details>
<summary> 1 - 500 </summary>

- P175-Combine_Two_Tables

</details>

### Medium

<details>
<summary> 1 - 500 </summary>

- P176-Second_Highest_Salary

</details>
